Update roles.md - updated Engage destination role reqs (#7223)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/segment-app/iam/roles.md

## Roles for managing Engage destinations

When managing destination connections within an Engage spaces, specific permissions are necessary for various actions.

> - **Connecting or Disconnecting Destinations to Engage Spaces:**
> -   To allow a user to connect or disconnect destination instances to your Engage space, grant these users `Unify and Engage Admin` access for the specific Engage space, and `Source Admin` access for the source(s) linked to that Engage space, named `Engage (space name)`.
> - **Managing Connections to Engage features (Computed Traits/Audiences/Journeys)**:
> -   To allow a user to attach or detach a destination that is already connected to your Engage space to specific Engage features like Audiences or Journeys, grant these users `Unify and Engage Admin` access on the selected Engage space. The `Source Admin` role is not necessary for this action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Connecting or disconnecting destinations to Engage spaces:** To allow a user to connect or disconnect destination instances to your Engage space, grant `Unify and Engage Admin` access for the specific Engage space, and `Source Admin` access for the source(s) linked to that Engage space, named `Engage (space name)`.
- **Managing connections to Engage features (Computed Traits/Audiences/Journeys)**: To allow a user to attach or detach a destination in your Engage space to specific Engage features like Audiences or Journeys, grant these users `Unify and Engage Admin` access on the selected Engage space. The `Source Admin` role is not necessary for this action.
```
